Hi friends
In this video we are going to discuss about decision making in C.
So we have decision making statements in C
And why do you think we need these kind of
statements? It is because while programming, we often need to
make a lot of decisions. In some cases we need
to execute this block of code and in some other
cases we need to execute this block of code.
So using decision making statements, we can decide the programme
execution order based on the given conditions.
For an example consider this programme if the number is odd
we want to execute this block
Otherwise we want to execute this block and we have different
types of decision making statements in C like if,
if else, nested if else ,switch etc. And we will
be discussing each of them in the coming lessons So that's all and thank you for watching this video.